docs: add meta descriptions and subtitles (#561)
apollographql/apollo-ios-dev: docs/source/get-started.mdx

---
title: Getting Started with Apollo iOS
subtitle: Integrate Apollo iOS into your app

> description: Learn how to add Apollo iOS to your app with step-by-step instructions for installation, schema integration, code generation, and setting up ApolloClient for type-safe GraphQL operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to add Apollo iOS to your app with step-by-step instructions for installation, schema integration, code generation, and setting up a client instance for type-safe GraphQL operations.
```
